docs: update CONTRIBUTING.md (#466)
canonical/hardware-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

how GitHub works, their [quickstart documentation][github-quickstart] provides
an excellent introduction to all the tools and processes you'll need to know.

> Pull requests are merged with rebasing, so please keep your commits clean.

Reviewer: More like a suggestion to describe what we mean by "clean"
```suggestion
Pull requests are merged with rebasing, so please make sure your commits are 
atomic and well-described.
```
